Joshdifferent is a young man from Philadelphia. Full real name is Joshua Blackwell. Also goes by Zonez, from his song on iTunes,Spotify,ect. Joshua grew up in the Frankford section of Philadelphia where he got into a lot of fights which led him to being homeschooled and gravitating to the Internet. During that time Josh built a relationship with YouTube and started a channel by the name of Jdieselshow. On that channel Josh made comedy videos, songs, and positive videos for people to learn from his experiences even at a young age. He went to high school and abandoned the idea of being a constant creator to pursue playing basketball. Josh played basketball for his high school team of four years but a few years after graduating decided to return back to the content creator world. Realizing that now it is a different world online, Josh learns that he has to play the game a little different. Although he has not changed up his style still making comedy music and positive videos for people. Throughout the years that he disconnected from the Internet he has went through a lot in his life. All of those trials and tribulations have shaped him into the individual he is today using comedy music and his words to influence people and try to give off positive vibes. Joshdifferent is not only our Instagram page, YouTube page, Tiktok or Twitter page it is a representation of the artwork and creation of Joshua Blackwell who continues to spread a fun and positive message to everyone that watches his content. 
